(submit) event preconditions edit (#34467)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/reactive-forms.md

</code-example>

> The `form` tag uses the native DOM event to emit the `submit` event. You trigger the event by clicking an `<input>` element with a `submit` type, or a `<button>` element with a type other than `button`. This also allows the user to press the **Enter** key to submit the completed form.

Reviewer: When you say "This allows...", what do you mean by "this"? Is it just the <button> tag?  Please be more specific - perhaps something like "Using a button allows the user..."

</code-example>

> The `submit` event is emitted by the `form` tag using the native DOM event. You trigger the event by clicking an <input> element with a `submit` type, or a <button> element with a type other than 'button'. This also allows the user to press the **Enter** key to submit the completed form.

Reviewer 2: Though this was already there, can you edit the first sentence so it's no longer in the passive voice? And can you put `<input>`, `<button>`, and `button` in backticks so they're in code font? Like this:
```suggestion
The `form` tag uses the native DOM event to emit the `submit` event. You trigger the event by clicking an `<input>` element with a `submit` type, or a `<button>` element with a type other than `button`. This also allows the user to press the **Enter** key to submit the completed form.
```

Author: Done, I hope I did it right :)
